 according to 188 statistics, there are 832 persons who have the property, the number of people who had property.
 legal norms in accordance with article 4 of the provisions of article 4.
 as domestic demand, the economic performance of economic performance during the 1 quarter of 1993.
 the department of peacekeeping operations accepted this recommendation and pointed out that the candidate will be included in the recruitment of the list.
 the 1 step of the 2 phase of the 2 phase of the 2 phase of the 2 phase of the 2 phase is the basis for pay comparisons.
 in accordance with the gradual development of china's tourism market, there may continue to rise to rise.
 as a matter of fact, the current vacancy rate of the market stalls of shopping centres and the market stalls of market stalls are now the lowest in the 5 years.
 the situation in peace-keeping is most difficult, because the assumption that the forecasts are likely to occur in the year.
 the intentions of the country must be taken into the country.
 a spokesman for israel's spokesperson said that the occupying forces had to stay long.
 we are some of the view that this action would have been open and transparent.
 this is extremely useful for member states to understand the complexity of the court.
 in january 1996, the national family planning association was established in january 1996, has now been a major non-governmental organization for reproductive health.
 states parties are most suitable for the most critical health issues affecting women in the country.
 it exercises its power, therefore, legally and in fact a subject of international law.
 although current activities remain limited, the scale of space activity will be expanded.
 it is important to conduct an investigation and pursuit of the facts.
 there is sufficient and adequate and available resources.
 those who violate the law understand that the international community is the decision and actions of the united nations.
 it is not possible for parents to do whatever hand, the responsibilities of the education of the education of the education of the education of the education of the education of the education of the education of the education of the
 " it is now very happy to see that one country, two systems, hong kong people enjoy the results of this system.
 on the list of speakers, malaysia, who will speak on behalf of the group of 21.
 the government understands that the hos scheme must be avoided in the private property market and maintain the difference between sales of each other.
 we explore that the control of the united nations should be guided by close consultation with the countries concerned.
 in accordance with the provisions of the basic law, the 2 term chief executive shall be elected by the election committee.
 if a person may be given to the proper attention of the installation of the device.
 it has also established the international e-commerce network in the country and in october 1998.
 in real terms of gdp growth in 1996 was revised to 5.0 per cent in real terms.
 after the first time to visit hong kong for the first time to visit hong kong in october this year.
 the government of chile, on 8 june 1996, the government of china on 8 june 1996, the government of china on 8 june 1996.
 as stated in paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that the claim is in principle, in principle, in principle, as in principle, compensable.
 the decision of such a decision should be made by the president of the general assembly.
 the countries of the republic of belarus and the government of the republic of belarus and ukraine to the organization.
 member states members of the world trade organization (unc) and the united states.
 the warmth of warmth, huang sheng-jun, who decided to make a new school in the chinese culture.
 however, the committee pointed out that there is no benefits.
 article 54 of the constitution refers to the establishment of the establishment of the education system, which would have the necessary institutional and services.
 a spokesman for the treasury said today (december 30) that it is hoped that the use of the use of the use of the internet will be provided to the bank.
 in conclusion, he expressed gratitude to the marine department of marine staff, and other interested parties expressed their gratitude to the construction of the crew.
 okay.
 at the same time, there is a political need for a number of preconditions.
 on the 8, no less than 10:30 am, the hong kong city is gradually returning to normal normal.
 this is regrettable that the draft resolution was not incompatible with the united nations convention on the law of the sea.
 therefore, we believe that the indonesian authorities really wish to solve these problems.
 the official language include english, russian and french, spanish, spain, this year this year.
 between 16 per cent of transactions with local financial institutions and local financial institutions and local financial institutions and local financial institutions and local financial institutions and local financial institutions and local financial institutions and local financial institutions and local financial institutions and local financial institutions and local financial institutions and local financial institutions and local financial institutions and local financial institutions and local financial institutions and local financial institutions
 in the long run, we are planning to build more multi-storey single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single
 it is important that the relationship between multilateral cooperation will be feasible.
 the culprit was arrested and sentenced to theft.
 there is a concern for concern to the humanitarian relief of humanitarian relief in the region.
 the prosecutor had already filed a appeal against the ruling, so that his leave to france.
 the slowdown in the economic slowdown in these countries have brought adverse effects on economic progress and safeguarding social stability.
 one week is a week.
 we have entered the united nations to enter the world, and with the north-south east.
 3, emphasis on local, enterprises and public participation in sustainable development.
 the united nations could play a key role to make information and communication and communication technologies to promote development efforts.
 " i don't know how the sword is not aware of the swords. "
 (15) there is a international outlook for the international perspectives.
 the terrorist attacks took place on 11 september.
 officials of china's ministry of china's ministry of china's ministry of agriculture's ministry of agriculture said that china's anti-gendering bird flu has been very effective.
 chile has agreed that the preventive deployment of the united nations peacekeeping force can prevent the errors of violence.
 however, at this critical moment, it is essential that the terrorist alliance must clearly confirm and acknowledge the enemy.
 i would like very much hope that the administration will have a dialogue with different voices.
 a spokesman for a spokesman for a spokesperson on behalf of the african group, praised unifem for reaction to the response.
 the chinese government intends to start final plans in early next year, at the beginning of next year.
 at the end of the ancient years, the ancient years of ancient years of ancient times, and this is just a way to modernize.
 as part of the daily supervision of the day, the hkma will continue to monitor the credit card operations in the institutions.
 in our country, the arabic language is the 2 largest official languages.
 university leaders and teachers.
 the credentials of the representative shall be issued either by the head of state, or by the government of state or government.
 the contents of the contents of the contents of the contents of the public are concerned about statistical development.
 the overwhelming majority of the member states show that they are inclined to increase the permanent and members of the council.
 in the six months of stamps issued, customers can be selected for the first six months.
 with the secretary for education and bureau, deputy secretary for education and bureau of the bureau and the education department.
 in 1971, hong kong's relationship was found in the social and cultural foundation.
 it is not easy to identify voters and electoral activities could not be easy.
 the south pacific member states of the south pacific membership of the south pacific membership of the south pacific membership of france.
 the age of graduation is 15 years old.
 the service fee is $ 200 each time. "
 the bulldozers, there are also even residents even in many cases.
 the target of these actions may be the police, armed forces, law enforcement officials and the public.
 in fact, i went to belgium is to go to the relevant people in europe.
 at present, a rapid change in the right to self-determination, national security and peace.
 such enquiries can be beneficial to the genuine responsibility for the damage caused by space objects.
 at the 1st meeting, on 14 january, the joint chairman of the joint president of the joint chairman shamed (pakistan).
 the committee affirms the need to strengthen the process of nation-building and consolidate the rule of law, democracy and civil society.
 the conference urges the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work.
 the israelis and dwellings were destroyed and the israeli army arrived at all.
 the text structure has become more tight and concise, and the content of the content.
 this continues to go high prices of high prices, not only to the ordinary people, has also caused high priority attention to the government.
 when he didn't talk about it's mind, i would like to take a halt.
 with regard to those who have professional knowledge among scholars who have professional knowledge, we will never be heard.
 as the saying goes, " we do not have a mistake.
 if it had been confirmed, it is expected that if it was confirmed, it is expected that it is expected to be speedy of the new millennium.
 in the days after the sky, the sun-chie-chie-chie-chie-chie-chie-chie-chie-chie-chie-chie-chie-chie-chie-chie-chie-chie-chie-chie-chie-
 the mainland's opening up of the mainland came to taiwan, local companies have expressed optimism.
 the most common forms of functionality has been the navigation of navigation and adoption of territorial seas, the convincing zone.
 the spokesman reminded members of the public to deal with such cases if they were suspected to be made to the police.
 margaret chan was officially elected as director-general of the world health organization and became a chinese chinese.
 the executive board may wish to take note of the report.
 in the absence of international conventions, the law on extradition was implemented in accordance with international protocols.
 the general declaration of human rights in the general assembly adopted by the general assembly on 10 december 1948.
 the committee commends the widespread human rights of the constitution of slovenia, in particular to protect the human rights of women.
 er, it was made that the world has not been sitting in the world.
 the principle of non-discrimination principle has become a constitutional principle.
 we are celebrating the peak of a history of a historical process, and in many political difficulties.
 since the government's government gazetted the number of visitors from april 6 to nearly 60000 in november.
 there has been no such situation in the previous case or the case in the case.
 states parties may wish to address the issue in the near future.
 the results of the work of the nuclear commission must depend on the modalities of its members and the commission.
 the letter of authorized registration must be confirmed by the original school.
 the present contract has been signed, the working group and the provision of travel services will be reviewed in september 2002.
 however, as you know, we seek " quality ", we do not think that we believe it is not important.
 there is a general feeling that the international community had nothing to end the conflict.
 one of the user requirement is to assess the damage to crop and infrastructure.
 it is therefore the 1 step in promoting the two exchanges and clearing of the two exchanges and clearings.
 with regard to the mano river union, the regional office has to assist in the implementation of the three ministers, in september and october.
 the minimum and maximum limits of the perpetrators, the lowest and maximum limits, the minimum and maximum limits.
 initial enquiries revealed that the bullets were fired by the truth.
 when the waiting time for the home care homes for the home care homes, it is generally likely that the applicant will be divided into three categories.
 this is one of the main causes of aids transmission.
 in the modern era of life, an example is an example of the modern product of modern technology.
 this would be possible to ensure peace and harmony in peace and harmony and to promote the development of the world.
 in terms of food prices, i do not know what business changes can be done.
 this has not only enhanced the capacity of local production in the latter part of asia, " he said.
 i would like to understand that all of the people will understand that we are all members of the membership of the membership of the 17 years.
 as far as good people are concerned, the symptoms are mainly smaller than minors.
 with regard to the work of the united nations in cooperation with the united nations concerned, it is also appropriate for inspection.
 in the face of the market in the market, parents can make a lot of the most suitable personal situation.
 if there is a very serious impact, the consequences will be very serious.
 the voluntary repatriation of viet nam and the laos people, will continue to seek voluntary repatriation.
 experience shows that the new system in 1999.
 at the same time, the moratorium on nuclear testing is crucial to the moratorium on nuclear testing.
 article 31 of the basic law stipulates that the freedom of travel and immigration.
 they also believed that this might be a precedent for which all types of vessels must be issued prior to all types of vessels.
 right.
 as the government has already been aware of the legal opinion, the government will never know the law.
 at the end of august 1997, 34 chinese state-owned enterprises were listed in hong kong through the hong kong market.
 so far, more than 30 tons of aid to the goma.
 the committee expressed appreciation for the challenges of globalization and new technologies to the 21 century.
 under this approach, the gap between men and the gender gap is reflected in the gap between the working population.
 on the other hand, before the border opened in the border opened to the border opened up before the border opened in 1994.
 madam president, the procession of the processions, the processions of people are not always political demands.
 the delay will affect the credibility of some of the credibility.
 14. recently, the private sector and the foundations foundation for the global level.
 there are no other comments <unk> "
 i am very excited.
 there are two identity cards, one of the identity of the people of israel and another is to the residents.
 as time is limited, i have not been able to do so.
 this is a cause for worrying in recent recent developments in britain's political development in recent political developments.
 a model of the model consists of the model of the model of the model of models of self-production and diverted models.
 9 of these growth came from changes in currency exchange rates.
 the typical illicit arms transaction was conducted in place where the control of arms and export.
 switzerland does not tolerate the financial system of the swiss financial system in the future.
 most of the vacancies are available for a diplomat or degree of graduates from $ 8000 to $ 16000.
 the total value of works completed in the 3 quarter of 1999.
 with regard to the functions of the commission's functions, please see the " financial and capital markets commission.
 it is hoped that the near future in the near future, in the near future, in the near future.
 the commonwealth of civil society is a significant complement to the commonwealth official.
 the chinese delegation was of the view that the current international nuclear disarmament effort is trying to work in the current international nuclear disarmament effort.
 because mr leung has more time, i have to make it more good, and i support the support.
 the observer for the indians, african and american cultural association, considered that the non-cendent population is a minority minority in argentina.
 " we are planning to conduct an employer to investigate their views on the work of the university.
 it is not clear that the chinese side is very likely that hong kong officials are an excuse for the mainland.
 the college of the commissioner was held in new york on 21 and 22 may 2001.
 however, the model law formulates these parties (the signatory, relying on party and certification services.
 it is therefore expected that the incidence of capacity in the national programme is expected to be low.
 the commission will be considered from a gender perspective.
 " the sar has supported mainland china as soon as possible.
 for example, the saharan africa of africa, for example, only a telephone telephone phone.
 the media have to respect the dignity and of the prestige of the community.
 the israeli authorities have also closed several days in the gaza strip and egypt.
 as the result of unloading, the cost of transport costs were reduced, and all sectors would benefit.
 <unk> <unk> <unk>
 6. the 2 is to absorb the development of knowledge, technical and well-capable talents to hong kong.
 she would like to do what can be done, such as listening to radio, television, lectures, singing, singing, singing and ballo.
 when we talk about taiwan's growth in taiwan is not very difficult to look at unmot.
 as a result of the cost of freight charges, it may be valued at higher value.
 in fact, the housing division invites me to talk about the fact that this is not related to the reconstruction of the district.
 the commission was entrusted to a consultant to provide independent experts to encourage consultants to work in an open and transparent manner.
 i did not see, but often heard such reports.
 (a) the company must apply formal applications apply for the use of standard application forms.
 in movies, hou hsiao-hsien's " paugh-to-old " lingugua's " lingugua " is the story of a young teenagers ", " he says.
 the united nations will face the test.
 the director of health care has indicated that some four years later can be achieved.
 it is very difficult.
 in the department's central institutions, the proportion of women accounted for more than 50 per cent of the current staff, 1<unk>3 of whom were in management positions.
 the court believes that the buyer did not fulfil its obligations to pay the purchase price.
 the independent human rights association of the region should be in connection with the human rights commission on human rights.
 if the 50 session of the draft, the 50 session of the draft, the 50 session of the draft, will create a real olympic performance.
 iraq has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report by 16 august 2002.
 recent performances of the sfc and the financial secretary-based financial centre has recently made a report on the hong kong financial centre.
 in the meeting of the meeting, the mandate of elections was the privilege of the general assembly, rather than the privileges of the security council.
 as a result of the modern civilization, this type of modern civilization will be able to do so.
 we have set a great goal to develop hong kong's development as asia in asia.
 at the meeting, the director of social welfare department, director of social welfare department, director of social welfare department, and the director of social welfare department will be distributed to the elderly.
 mrs selina chow proposes to strengthen the use of " juvenile police interview ".
 breakthroughs were found in the overseas market.
 for the honourable lee cheuk-yan's amendment to mr lee cheuk-yan's amendment, i would like to point out that his arguments are misundersed.
 in shanghai, shanghai jung-wai <unk> import <unk> import <unk> import <unk> import <unk> import <unk> import <unk> import <unk> export company, zhejiang province of zhejiang province.
 in hong kong's ships have been able to carry out the mainland's domestic ship industry.
 the government and government of sierra leone is a priority of the united states in the united states.
 he said that history has been repeating.
 the national development framework of the transitional government has demonstrated the role of the state in the economic and social council.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider broadening the terms of reference to all aspects of all aspects.
 this is the driving force of the peace process in the democratic republic of the congo.
 however, industrialization partners have to be done to reduce tariff and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica noted that the delegation had always been very active in its mandate.
 israel is proud of the ancient traditions of the world as a whole.
 <unk> the director of information services, the director of information services will be appointed as director of the information services department on january 7, 2002.
 the dancers were packed with fresh flowers with fresh flowers.
 the situation in the social sphere of the united nations is the most worrying.
 as a result, the child has already infected a small child.
 questionnaires had been delivered to all programmes and donor governments, national teams and united nations agencies.
 in addition to the beauty of the sd's yems, the team will be able to take a look down.
 the aim is to achieve pressure on 3-party pressure, peace-building, in order to make up the war.
 a 3 alarm fire broke out in tai po, tai po, tai po, tai po.
 we plan to introduce the bill into the legislative council in 2004.
 the people of kosovo, the people of kosovo should not allow them to be dragged in the future.
 we should not forget that all public funds are not allowed to do so.
 on the contrary, local universities have a lot of degree of university places in local universities.
 i have recently attended the general assembly to attend the general assembly.
 these written copies shall be sent to the prosecutor or the person sent to these written statements.
 qin jino-sheng said that james soong said he will meet with hu jintao and hu jintao in beijing.
 the committee also noted the additional information that the delegation provided additional information during the reporting period.
 a major train explosion occurred on 22 days.
 the special rapporteur's activities also include the representatives of civil society, non-governmental organizations, counsel and journalists.
 it is not true to disagree with the sentiments of the people of hong kong.
 however, international trafficking in human beings also involve other areas, including clothing, agriculture and construction.
 my own is not the fact that i have frequently heard religions.
 therefore, in the establishment of the government of the government, it is fear that only the chinese government will only be eligible for the future sar government.
 " we need to assess the impact of the electoral elections and the impact of the legislative council.
 okay, thank you, mr. qinhai.
 as a matter of fact, we have some partially implemented the provisions of some of them, especially on mine-clearance activities.
 he further noted that the volume of trade in latin america increased by 12 per cent in latin america.
 the number of unemployed persons decreased to 19.30000, which was also the first time to 200000.
 the financial year 2004, the us export bank has provided financial assistance to us$ 17800000000 in the world market.
 a two informal ministerial meeting will be held on wednesday and 6 june.
 at present, the government is considering the possibility of whether the possibility of the possibility of the possibility of the possibility of the possibility of whether the possibility of the possibility of whether the possibility of access to the old site is being considered by the government.
 the proposed 36 posts were established at the office of the operation, 18 posts were paid to the regular budget payments.
 in taiwan's 3 road " is the main reference for chen shui-bian's government ".
 right, <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 in addition, the transport department (dd) has increased daily daily per day by the department has increased from 8 to 12.
 as for political and religious freedom, not only the constitution but also written in other documents.
 i would like to draw the attention of the council and the situation of external debt in the central african republic.
 as a result of the day, the meeting took place at 909.909.30:30:30:30:30:30:30:30:30:30:30:30:30:30:30:30:30:30:30:30:30:30:30:30:30:30:
 the records of the records shall be subject to 3 years after taking place.
 china cuts 2000000000 people.
 a large number of bangkok people are ready to cross the night of the night.
 we fully support the similar statement made by the secretary-general and other united nations representatives.
 during the period, taxis in the urban area will be carried out during and hing road.
 the registration of united nations transfers of the transfer of the transfer of the transfer of legal weapons between sovereign states.
 the latest figures show that some local employers continue to streamline its manpower as a result of economic growth and business prospects.
 it requires the consensus of the society, " he said.
 this penalty applies only to the citizens of the czech republic and that there are no refugee status.
 whenever i went to my children, i was a very serious matter of very serious things.
 the international seminar on human rights and the rights of human rights and peoples have also participated in the international seminar.
 research on gender disparities and inequality is not sufficient enough to affect gender disparities and inequality.
 it is estimated that these technologies potentially potentially potentially potentially potential for us$ 3000000000.
 the government today (december 22) announced the appointment of 12 members of the labour advisory board (lab) for a period of two years.
 the 3 category is concerned about the elderly.
 " the east asian region has all along the fiscal surplus, " he said.
 the swd has contacted the family and provide psychological counselling.
 the maximum amount of accommodation for the amount of accommodation is up to 80 per cent.
 these developments have further exacerbated the strategy for the post-cold-war era.
 there appears some difficulties in determining the number of refugees in west timor.
 almost no place has been exhausted, and resources have been exhausted.
 it was also agreed that all foreign forces in the democratic republic of the congo should be withdrawn from the democratic republic of the congo.
 with regard to the recruitment of police recruitment, salary salaries, training and management would also apply to prison guards.
 " the inspection also found that the loading is sufficient to cope with traffic, public utility facilities and other.
 now, after almost 30 years, the concept of common heritage has been incorporated or were reflected in some international conventions.
 after the buildings department, the buildings department and arise buildings, etc.
 all helicopters were made before the 1 round of balloting.
 we wish hong kong for hong kong for hong kong for hong kong for hong kong for hong kong, and the air clearing and happy place.
 for a long time, a number of manufacturing manufacturing in hong kong has been the main task of economic and social development.
 we therefore stress the obligation of nuclear powers to the conclusion of the treaty-ban treaty in 1996.
 in contrast, the largest internet service of the united states has only maintained a ratio of every 20 users.
 since the opening of the reform, the national and medium-sized enterprises have made a significant contribution to the stability of our society.
 in my country's climate warming and, the carp will be able to go to five or 60.
 i hope that, in the course of today's meeting today, the secretary-general can enjoy the present hall of this hall.
 <unk> there is no provision for the guardian of the guardian of the guardian of the guardians.
 for example, the measures agreed to include nationals in the region of the region.
 as a saying goes, friends are really friends.
 mr howard young: mr president, the problems of workers, employment and job-related problems.
 " even if they enter the country, it should not abandon the performance of " life ". "
 otherwise, the draft articles would lose its most practical role.
 as a result, the rate of inflation in the last year's inflation rate has significantly increased.
 that is to say, i would like to allow existing veterinary school graduates from mainland china and taiwan in taiwan.
 the current age of the greek cypriots is 66 years.
 in the last weekend, there were also the same forecasts.
 the project could also allow more public awareness of cultural diversity and to maintain their interest in this regard.
 in view of the numerous number of persons, the government is studying whether there is a need for an additional loan quota.
 the seizure of assets was carried out in accordance with the criminal procedure of the criminal procedure of criminal procedure.
 according to this, it is the only way that the students diet was forced to death.
 patients were provided with the provision of basic medical supplies for the provision of basic medical supplies.
 the turk scheme is not only redistribution of land.
 based on this theme, the conference tried to remind people that every 20 minutes have been killed or maimed by anti-personnel landmines.
 later, some crafts can be purchased when there were some handbooks.
 motorists are advised to follow the traffic signs and compliance with police officers at the scene.
 the conclusion of this conclusion was surprising, because the legal adviser had been reconnected to the defence defence counsel.
 with the assistance of the ilo, benin is considering the possibility of expanding the existing social security system.
 the amputation of the amputation of their lives, their activities, work and normal life.
 in 2001, the european union, japan, the united states and several developing countries were declining.
 it is expected that many colleagues will have a journey for life-long learning.
 he was said to be followed up, after his father's written complaint, he said.
 police officers arrested a 40-year-old man in the vicinity.
 in fact, the only place in low-skilled employment opportunities is the only local service sector.
 the project indicates that the current funding of small enterprises are based on the previous policy experiences and performance of credit subsidies.
 just now, mrs miriam lau has claimed the " youth charter for youth ".
 the three men were arrested for the conspiracy of conspiracy to deception the woman's money.
 they are in accordance with monetary, financial, trade and other macroeconomic policies.
 it is impossible for us to support the united states and international law.
 the real development concept should include full respect for all universally universally accepted human rights.
 national practice shows that the length of the right to the persons concerned have a great deal of the right to choose.
 the islamic state of afghanistan hoped that the security council has followed its consideration of the previous agenda of the previous agenda.
 the countries achieved a large number of people living in poverty, although the asian economic crisis.
 as a result, there are no financial resources.
 recognition of the role of neighbouring countries in the security and economic spheres.
 " the security council is deeply concerned about the deterioration of the situation in the republic of croatia.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, the 9 temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department had been closed at 4.30 pm today (february 5).
 to this end, it should be devoted to achieving the goals of a multi-ethnic people.
 fai has found that the development, manufacture and sale of the sale and the beass, and many world-known consumer goods.
 the veterinary teacher also deployed a veterinary, which confirmed all chickens in chickens.
 the secretariat has analysed a number of missions survey data and verify the self-sustainment of the recommendations.
 if the flood problems in the northwest new territories have to be done to implement the flood problem in shenzhen.
 capitalistism has often resulted in drug trafficking, with organized crime and corruption.
 chen chao-yu's 1 work of the emperor, chen lasted his job as the first series of comic series.
 a one-way navigation between the two places can be reduced at the moment.
 the report is the portrayal of the deterioration in the economic deterioration of the palestinian territory.
 <unk> not bring with great cash or valuable property.
 at least 17 were shot dead and 38 individuals were burned alive.
 the working group was working with the international human rights service, a minority rights groups joined in 1997 in 1997.
 28 immigration officers in sham shui po raided 7 target units in sham shui po.
 accordingly, the contracting authority would be best to consider the control measures.
 developing countries in the developed and developing countries, as well as the economic growth of trade and foreign exchange earnings.
 according to the same source, 800 alleged persons were allegedly killed by the ccp (maistist).
 in accordance with a law section 22, the person convicted of terrorist acts, under the existing legislation.
 mr president, the problem will be resolved after next year, the problem will be solved.
 in the 1990s, over 200 children were killed in armed conflict, and more than 6000000 left permanent disability or injuries.
 this is a great help in the development of ecological tourism. "
 basically, this is a visible commitment in the north-west of development.
 the department will have a warning letter to the department and the department will be issued.
 the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also a source of concern.
 in addition, we have once again received the international reputation as one of the most competitive economy in the world.
 the works of the highways department today (july 20) today (july 20) today (july 20) signed a total value of $ 680000000.
 i do not locate hong kong legislation in hong kong.
 in the area of non-traditional security areas.
 between june and august this year, most of the major trades and employment underemployed.
 this is not easy, but if there is a quota system, if there is a quota system.
 in addition, australia is actively engaged in the drafting of negotiations on the international convention on terrorism.
 the regulation, together with the factories and industrial estates (capac) regulation.
 this letter does not improve the confidence of the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya.
 however, we firmly believe that the secretary-general contains the right framework of the united nations in east timor.
 in some parts of the world, there is an absolute number of absolute numbers and relative numbers in the world.
 we look forward to work with the industry, " he said.
 the state party argues that the same way should apply to the present case.
 he was informed that the cause of the darfur conflict is a disputed in the area of crop cultivation.
 the amendments have been reserved for the development of fire services and open space.
 otherwise, the international community may have no choice but only from liberia from liberia.
 the first time i have just announced the details on the reading of the education fund to improve the language skills.
 when chen chin-hsiang, let's waves of waves of the pads.
 as a matter of fact, the proposal for judicial jurisdiction is concerned, the proposal of the gririson act is almost similar to the current practice of the garrison law.
 the spokesman pointed out that the purpose of establishing the resources centre of the judiciary was not encouraging the proceedings themselves.
 on the basis of the meeting, the chairperson of the conference on the joint meeting, the chairperson of the joint meeting would be useful and will take follow-up actions.
 in addition, we will be prepared to review the review of the district boards for 2003.
 located at 1 avenue of the secretariat entrance at 1 avenue will be restricted to a special label of the permanent representative.
 in the face of the village, the villagers have to be nutched green trees.
 the institute for reform of land reform was established as a result of the implementation of the land transfer plan.
 according to the information provided by the advisory committee.
 anyone who is the next-of-kin of the girl's relatives or the girl who is calling on 2398 6299.
 in 1997.
 this morning, we would like to focus on two three issues.
 to this end, the importance attached to education, increasing the importance of education to promote social development.
 the ruf is not the army, it is also sure that it is not the command of the command of the army.
 the field asset control system is designed to provide a series of audit audits to the united nations assets, which is, at an initial procurement time.
 but this cannot be impossible.
 for safety reasons, for safety reasons and for the protection of the environment, there must be no impunity, non-structed gas and chemical response.
 the offence of treason is in the common law system in the 14 century.
 worse still, the threat of nuclear weapons exist in many cases seem to take root in many of the brains.
 in the village, the village has been scared away.
 the armed conflict in the darar region began in february last year.
 the rights of serious discrimination is a part of the international protection of human rights, and in particular respect for plural systems.
 the procedure was confidential, in accordance with the rules, any document or addresses of any document or addresses.
 however, as the economy gradually recovers, it is believed that our ranks will pick up in the future.
 the so-called choice is the choice of whether it is chosen.
 efforts will continue to be done, this will be a challenge.
 they are inclined to retreat from deference.
 at that time, governor patten is busy preparing the conservative party general election.
 asianet daily summary-press releases for friday, november 16, 2001.
 however, it may be disappointed that only one defendant has been sent to the tribunal.
 in order to avoid conflict, the role of the security council must be coordinated with the role of the court so that the latter is guaranteed by the latter.
 the loss of life, particularly in the lives of children, which is always sad, and this sadness of the national and religious boundaries.
 a total of $ 50000, consisting of $ 50000.
 in recent years, the world economy has changed rapidly.
 these guidelines have been published in the buildings department and distributed all management companies and owners.
 they were of the view that the level of technology technology, couldn't be a scientific doctrine.
 while member states demanded to strengthen the field representative, its progress is being hampered by the resources.
 at 3 p.m. at 3 p.m. local time at 3 p.m. local time at 3 p.m. at about 3 p.m.
 security guard security guards of senior officials attending the session and the person's special passes.
 the latest maps and the new images have been transferred to rescue agencies.
 the scheme provides 15000000 citizens, including students, men, women and women, no discrimination.
 however, the united nations peacekeeping forces and other united nations bodies in its mandate.
 the kingdom of cambodia has provided legal protection to the human rights of hiv <unk> aids, and to protect the human rights of these people.
 as a result, it was also necessary to ask for the housing department for enquiries, and another time will be inspected.
 the drop-out rates of secondary school girls are still higher than boys, at secondary and universities.
 the anti-bian and the rest of the two-bian and the inter-bian and the rest of the bian and the sexes.
 there is no difficulties in establishing and access to such private schools.
 unexpectedly, he did not expect to have a decision to change her decision.
 as a result of the clock, we will receive the warning letter.
 what is the united states in the united states.
 president of the environment, co-operation of environment capital co-operation: the president of the world bank.
 if the senior officials are interested in investment, it is not possible to do business.
 in addition, we should also take into account the changes in the international system, especially globalization and the dissemination of new technologies.
 some things cannot be said.
 the removal of sugar quotas in the us market was proposed.
 however, from the longer term, however, the government intends to make an open recruitment suitable for the government.
 in addition, 3 children have been released, but the following day was also the same day.
 be wai-wei's trademark legislation on the sar's trademark legislation.
 the more people are going to vote, of course, the 1 legislative council is representative.
 a distant location is about 1-minute ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic missile can be carried out in 13 minutes.
 if he is not enough enough to take a break.
 this is a clearer of administration.
 the armed attack in december 1963 was a ethnic cleansing campaign against turkish cypriots.
 in addition, the delegation of argentina proposes to include models.
 we are liaising with canada authorities to understand the details of the cases in the tribunal. "
 the chinese delegation wishes to express its appreciation to the work of the chinese delegation to make a positive contribution to the work of the subject.
 no person went to him.
 with regard to the situation of marriage on the elimination of marriage, she wondered whether the problem of the family split causes.
 the fact is that the environment is worse than in the past year.
 the government today (april 20) announced the appointment of members of the commission and special advisers to the commission and special advisers.
 he will conduct major reforms to the securities and futures markets and strengthen the supervision of the banking sector.
 the importance of access to better and access to information has contributed to non-governmental organizations and other important groups in all levels.
 the delegation said that the majority of this delegation had been caused by the actions of controlling groups and individuals.
 " this has been achieved in the past and serving every colleagues, " he said.
 the presentation ceremony will be held in january next year.
 in order to improve the standard of living standards and improvement services, parents have been paid on household income.
 however, further efforts need to be made so that further efforts are needed to be more widely disseminated in order to promote more extensive efforts, which caused attention to the relevant countries concerned.
 those criminal acts cannot be allowed to provide financial assistance, or in other ways.
 on july july this year, driving taxis will be carried out in sha tin and saw a security guarder to catch up two burging suspects.
 the council believes that he had to be responsible for their own actions.
 with the traditional business environment, the marketing officer can only take care of the actual contact or liaison.
 pursuant to 54 of the constitution, expatriates territory territory territory shall be protected by the law.
 in three years, the member states of the european union have been instructed to the instruction of 6 june 2000.
 the pfp has anger in a press conference immediately to press a press conference.
 it reaffirms the importance of the treaty of the anti-ballistic missile system.
 the performance of the developed countries in the region are still weak.
 as such as the other people, such as the other people are not used in their own people.
 as a result, there is also a colons of the cads.
 the eastern port of taiwan province has spent six years, but the fishing industry agreed that in the near future.
 in spite of the international community, a multi-ethnic, multicultural and multi-ethnic society are being eliminated.
 in accordance with the hkma's mode of supervision and standards adopted by the sfc.
 for the first time returned to the return to the capt.
 we would like to see that the university of peace is truly universal and to assume a truly global mission.
 the population estimate is the important parameters of forecasting and projections, as well as possible for private and commercial organizations.
 a few years ago, a few years ago, participated in the chinese new year holiday.
 the government of the united states recognizes the diplomatic immunity of diplomatic immunity.
 secondly, the award fee was paid for the instrument of a ruled category.
 during the competition, students have to cope with difficulties, such as power, the black-parking attacks.
 we are now considering the views of the industry and the implementation of the proposals.
 the board also visited undcp in thailand and china.
 in particular, there is no particular reference to the use of the company to conceal the company's problems with one or a company.
 it is also surprising that the name of the chinese people think that the name of the chinese people think that the name of the chinese people want to avoid the name of the chinese people.
 the staff of the department of health (dh) has provided health education and disinfection in their homes.
 we are very concerned about the issue of post-conflict peace-building.
 the high commissioner has also raised the high commissioner should take the initiative to ask the recommendations recommended by the special rapporteur.
 in its effort to focus on the necessary action, we refused to stay in a single area.
 we are watching the process of the question of palestine in the middle east.
 if members of the council agreed to do so.
 these include threats to the concept of sovereignty, which have been subjected to the impetus to the technology.
 the maintenance of world security and peace is not the efforts of the international community.
 the state of emergency in lima and a number of state of limazhou was again extended on 15 december.
 several days of the taliban occupation, the authorities began to transfer the prisoners to other detention sites.
 the unique character of the missile makes them very suitable for the threat, deterrence, coercion, self-defence and revenge.
 the government's policy has been the policy of the government's policy, as far as possible.
 in addition, 106 private care centres in the 150 private care centres were also maintained at the present time.
 after that incident, the two sides have taken military action on the front line.
 in addition, a series of new novels will be beded by the general assembly.
 however, there will be some immediate danger to some of the relevant departments.
 the commission could take a new image of new images of the commission's databases.
 a 10 per cent vacancy rate was included in the estimate of 10 per cent vacancy rate.
 the use of coal conversion to natural gas can reduce sulphur dioxide, nitro and carbon dioxide.
 the works will start early next year and is expected to be completed early next year.
 in the manufacturing industry, large-scale institutions are the establishment of 100 or more than 50 or more.
 according to section 23 of the sweden penal code, article 23, section 2, section 2, section 2, section 2, section 2, section 2, section 2, section 2, section 2, section 2, section 2, section 2, section 2, section 2, section 2, section 2, section 2, section 2, section 2,
 the general assembly has recently adopted resolution 56<unk>282, from the list of non-self-governing territories.
 mr. wang (china) (interpretation from chinese): on 23 july, the king of morocco hassan ii of morocco.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda was informed of the rwandan operation of other 5 suspects.
 of these, 603 consists of non-government organisations and the remaining 19 were swed.
 finally, i would like to refer to the particular concern of the two spain.
 the vehicle's vehicle would be uncompleted.
 2, small and medium-sized enterprises (" small and medium-sized enterprises (" smes ").
 <unk> 8 days later, the usa and the usa is the same two places.
 more than 2000 basloy of africa will be displayed at the hong kong park in hong kong park.
 the survey will provide a reliable and reliable-to-date information on the standard of living of the territory, especially in the level of poverty.
 one of the hot hot spots, one of the hot hot spots in the soul, is so niny corporation this year.
 the 1993 abolition of the death penalty in 1993 is precisely the general trend towards respect for human rights.
 it is also known to the vomimis and other causes of other causes.
 <unk> 15 <unk> amp<unk>x <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 in particular, he raised, in 1999, that legislation had been revised in 1999 to grant more investigative and the independence of competition management.
 the secretary for foreign affairs of the ministry of foreign affairs of japan and south korea, held in beijing.
 he will be published by the hong kong trade development council and the french association of france.
 if we take into account the interests of each other, the international community can co cooperate together.
 the ministry of finance was submitted by the ministry of finance on 19 january 2001.
 " the primary objective of the government is to stabilize the property market, and the property prices will not be largely affected. "
 perhaps it seems that the honourable lau ping-cheung has just been informed of this remark.
 the sponsor delegation said that the legal authority can be found in accordance with 10 to 14 and 22 of the charter.
 in any case, the stock of stockpilers must begin to gather information on its stockpiling and production records.
 it should be noted that the data contained in the tables are available from various bodies.
 i remember that some people used as " so as " so as " etc.
 i believe that many will not agree with this view, but it will be in principle opposed to a land departure tax.
 according to the contract, the issue of transport <unk> transport matters must be agreed upon by the forests in the region.
 the armed forces of the angolan armed forces have also taken place in the south-eastern part of the country.
 if we decide to extend the proposal, we intend to extend our intention to provide assistance to the target of labour shortages.
 they use germany's imminent train pattern and the cost of $ 80000000000.
 in 2001, the court received an embroideide of the people's republic of china.
 such work is still being made by the division, and need to be given to consideration and approval.
 special traffic arrangements on hong kong island, will take special arrangements on hong kong island to hold a public chest.
 on the basis of the economic situation in the university of private universities.
 improving our relationship with egypt and the resumption of multilateral negotiations are indispensable.
 his <unk>x <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 a number of police officers will be made by the perpetrators.
 although the findings indicate that the quality of the medicines were not readily available to pharmaceutical products.
 it welcomes the ratification of ukraine as a non-nuclear-weapon states (npt).
 israel has also continued to make open tunnels of the al-qsa mosque.
 in fact, this year's spring festival, the tourism industry has not received any complaints from visitors to travellers.
 " i believe you will become an important asset of the two places, " he said.
 he then said.
 the ministry of defence has carried out depreciation in the ministry of defence to reflect the latter.
 therefore, if you have a lot of concern to the demonstrations, it can be possible to say that we should not be complacent.
 the private car immediately removed the scene along sha kok street.
 although they are still defending, they are still defending themselves.
 governments have taken various ways to control these monopolies.
 it must be noted, however, that it is not fair and inappropriate and not appropriate, " he said.
 i am sure that not only the effects of the future will affect the future.
 the environmental problems of environmental problems have been made on the environment, and even in the words " everything usual.
 " our immunization system is like the same as the armed forces, can be resisted by resistance.
 there is a very high degree of densive and non-information of citizens and voters.
 this resulted in the decline in the gaza strip in the gaza strip and led to the east into the east.
 i believe that this week of this week of this week has demonstrated our commitment to this international health terrorism.
 i also wish to express my gratitude to the secretary-general and appreciation for the report of the report today.
 we need to meet this international responsibility. "
 argentina, in terms of political instability, the democratic republic of argentina has passed through the sacrifice of reconstruction.
 in the west-door area, only her many legends in the west.
 we all know that everyone is well known, and we are very important.
 in fact, it is an important part of the united nations involvement in the oceans.
 in history, there is no other children in history.
 " we 've come to the entire continent of our entire continent and brings bright and bright. "
 as the chairman of the newly established advisory committee, i shall take a good basis for the foundation of the ad hoc committee.
 otherwise, sanctions are likely to become an ethical means to implement the international community's aspirations.
 in recent years, cocaine seizures in croatia has been reported in recent years, reported seizures of 913 kg cocaine.
 to that end, pakistan supported the mexican proposal, which would be invited to consider the relevant bodies of the international court of justice.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (" authority) has issued detailed arrangements for the establishment and operation of the industry schemes.
 then he was then taken away a police vehicle, he was a police vehicle from the car.
 with regard to the environment, the international efforts to protect nature is more effective and more substantive.
 the secretary-general has already put forward the direction of the united nations.
 it is also necessary to define the user of news and evaluation of the results of the work.
 mr chan kam-lam said that he is more than my short, but i shall now like to be short.
 lithuania also attached great importance to the role of other international forums in the fight against terrorism.
 the court of appeal of the court of appeal of the united states of the united states of the united states of the united states of the united states.
 with regard to this, there were no assistance in the 30000 displaced persons and displaced persons in the northern part area.
 as a result of the fighting and raids in kabul in the end of july, the international group had to leave the city.
 in response to the existing economic environment, we also urge the government to consider reducing the feasibility of reducing the cost of pre-employment training training. "
 at best, i can only stop the local saying that the government is only talking about it.
 at present, the operating budget of unhcr receives a total of $ 40 per year.
 another 10 per cent of a 10 per cent of $ non-us dollar amounted to offset the floating floating exchange rate.
 the views and wife of mrs.
 the world trade conference will be held in seattle.
 mr tien said on the above 1 issues, the commission recommended that the basic capacity of students, university graduates and professional groups.
 as a result, if the so-called consensus is to abandon a more rich and more rich and more.
 the regular staff receives and processing of the mete-6 and 7 (from 30 minutes.
 any person affected by the amendment may be submitted to the secretary of the town planning board.
 as regards issues relating to the provisions of these two ordinances, the hong kong progressive alliance (hk) is mainly supported.
 on the contrary, the ecuador's importation of ecuador has climbed up to 2<unk>3 and colombians.
 the recent example of the recent example is the construction of a member of the cca construction court, which addresses the integrity of country parks.
 the contents of the projects envisaged were envisaged in article 11.
 the chairman of the hong kong institute of surveyors of the hong kong institute of surveyors will be held on the workshop.
 the 12 teenagers arrested on june 15, have been released on bail pending further enquiries.
 there is no progress in all levels of foreign affairs in the ministry of foreign affairs of israel, but no progress has been made.
 the regional security system has expanded its collection of information on anti-terrorism activities of the eastern caribbean region.
 she also wished to know how to select non-governmental organizations, which provided information and the use of such information.
 to protect the interests of consumers, i have put forward this motion on behalf of the democratic party.
 turkey supports the secretary-general's policy, the country should provide financial contributions or in-kind contributions.
 in this, 15 different countries of different countries.
 if treaty treaties are signed, the legal assistance under the provisions of the treaty.
 these realities have to be addressed to ensure that the remaining 7 000 people are able to return their homes.
 the list of impunity should be subject to the list of impunity, direct victims continue to be the elderly, women and children.
 hon lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to hon tam yiu-chung.
 as to the underemployment rate, the decline in the construction industry, the construction industry, and the transport industry.
 as a result of the budget constraints, there are some restrictions on the costs and expenditure of lawyers.
 this is an exception to which it has to be an exception to which it is to be a punishment.
 on the weekend, the time for the weekends, the time of these places will be blocked.
 the banks do not want to take another one thing that the government instructive banks to deal with their business.
 for enquiries, please call 273411.
 therefore, the taiwan strait can do a unit to study a unit.
 the procedure for the protection of assets (bank bank accounts) in accordance with articles 1 to 201.
 " we also believe that there is a need to extend to training and traffic. "
 since the establishment of the united nations since 50 years since the united nations has been one of the authoritarian rule of this continent.
 we do not favour pressure on pressure on the settlement of the north korea nuclear issue.
 then you will ask why what i did not <unk>
 he was reportedly released after a few days later.
 investigations by accident investigation team, hong kong island, are continuing.
 finland will actively participate in the conference, a global, effective treaty against anti-personnel landmines.
 in addition, article 13-18 should be considered by article 13 to 18 of the scope of specific activities.
 deputy secretary-general of the soviet union of soviet embassy in italy.
 there should be a moral code of ethics on the legitimate business activities of conflict areas.
 it should be the preconditions of fairness and non-discrimination and objective.
 the answer is affirmative.
 the spokesman added that they will not be sold for sale in the hos scheme.
 in the same period, the birth of hong kong's birth was 5300, while the number of deaths were killed in hong kong.
 however, it was, however, that the question of this problem reflects the fact that the responsibilities of the problem reflects the fact that the responsibilities of the problem reflects the fact that the responsibilities of the problem reflects the fact that the responsibilities of the problem reflects the fact that the responsibilities of the problem reflects the fact that the responsibilities
 " in hong kong's future, the chinese leaders said, " the chinese leaders said, " the chinese government said.
 over any other group, they need the attention of the family, social and government.
 it has been reported that the pollution area had exported food and food in other parts of the pollution.
 with regard to the choice of children family names, the luxembourg made reservations at the time of ratification of this convention.
 they also agreed that it was necessary to prevent the flow of weapons into the country.
 from the short-term perspective, the government should be carefully discussed and listened to the industry.
 i would like to have been killed, and i would also like to go to all the victims over the past decade.
 when ni kuang talked about women's taiwan edition.
 the overall plan of focus on assisting girls and women to improve self-esteem.
 he strongly reiterated that the administration and palau were determined to safeguard the environment and culture of palau.
 on july 17, 1928 on july 17, 1928 on july 17, 1928, secretary of the chinese communist party secretary of china and the secretary of china and the secretary of china and the secretary of china and the secretary of china.
 as a result of the promotion of chickens, there is a large number of lolo island, and the farmer has also contributed to the development of fisheries fisheries.
 the advisory committee requested a copy of the memorandum of understanding of the memorandum of understanding.
 in this context, the committee has made its efforts to know all of the hidden acts of iraq.
 the special rapporteur undertook a visit to rwanda.
 the people concerned have lost fighting.
 the main reason for the uncumbered balance was due to termination of the troop expansion programme.
 furthermore, as a member of the country, we will continue to contribute to the palestinians.
 activities in the field of research and practical applications should be strengthened.
 in accordance with the basic law, all permanent residents of hong kong special administrative region shall be elected and elected.
 in the period under review, 40 enterprises during the period under review, a loan or saved 79 jobs.
 in early june, members of the council participated in the drafting of further response to the nuclear tests in may.
 i take this opportunity to thank the state of friendly states, international organizations and the united nations itself.
 we have to persuade the business community to understand their own and honestly.
 after several months later, the storm has also been brought up and hong kong is a very painful adjustment period.
 ah, it was also closed yesterday.
 after the protest of the assembly, part of the people were emotionally moved, and the police have used a high pressure water.
 the establishment of the establishment of a trade point was only developed in recent years.
 i think the most important thing is respect for civil servants and allow them to discuss the negotiating table.
 the committee expresses its concern about changes in the pension system, the impact of this change is much more likely to be affected by men.
 (c) the force commander of the force commander: as a result of the information dissemination of the office.
 in fact, it has decided to reduce the growth of the world economy and international trade.
 the development division of the development division of the community development division and family support division, the national family day, exhibition and similar activities.
 " the exhibition is extremely successful.
 the international community should treat human rights in the same position as a matter of fair and equal attitude towards human rights.
 despite some obvious difficulties, these positive developments have progressed in its numbers and diversity.
 the provisions of the joint declaration is also seen in article 122 of the basic law.
 he was kicked at me.
 the us dollar deposits increased slightly by 0.0 per cent in december and november.
 the committee wished to know the findings of this incident.
 however, the capacity of women in society depends on the economic and social resources and their legal rights.
 many of the discussions of the general assembly and the various committees have clearly reflected the pressing issue of all humankind.
 they must end their despair and suffering.
 " we are committed to the preservation of hong kong's success, " mr tung said.
 in view of the above-mentioned position, the chinese side made a reasonable solution.
 of the us$ 2000000000, only 12000 us dollars were used to purchase humanitarian goods.
 the rent indices reflected in the consumer price index reflects the changes in rented by households in hong kong.
 the jurisdiction of the jurisdiction of the jurisdiction of the jurisdiction will be able to go to the original jurisdiction.
 he felt that beijing's preparations for the beijing olympics will be successful in the 2008 olympic games.
 in accordance with its many years of this year, the committee considered the key issues of productive employment in the last one session of this year.
 the economic measure of economic measurement can be done to give us a general assembly.
 the maternity protection protection protection protection for the workplace was also prohibited from eight to 21 weeks.
 the actual installation of paraguay's actual improvement has been improved, leaving the river transit corridors into the 2 major transport route for transport.
 welcome everyone.
 the financial secretary also agreed that the financial secretary also agreed to make strong development, and we hope that we look forward to as soon as possible.
 for the public, the general assembly of the general assembly is concerned.
 in most of the countries, the population of elderly population is far from the overall population growth.
 a 45-year-old man died in a 45-year-old man died in the fire.
 in addition, it was reported that it was reported to be looted on 12 may 1994.
 it is a great pleasure to be invited to officiate at the opening ceremony of the chinese space technology.
 they have their disciplined by their discipline and act as a matter for the united nations.
 these recommendations have been the public opinion in many years, and the proposals made by the public.
 " there is no need for the public to be unduly worried, " a police spokesman stressed.
 police appeal to members of the investigating officers of the missing persons who is urged to contact investigating officers of the missing persons who know the whereabouts of the missing persons who are aware of the missing person.
 in this connection, the advisory committee was informed that the secretariat intends to review the timetable-wide meeting.
 the seven-year-old man in the seven-year-old man's spirit, voices, and every day every day.
 this incident took place in the vicinity of ancient koshkati.
 in fact, the number of unemployed persons in the overall number of unemployment is higher.
 a number of industrial countries have already allowed all heavily indebted poor countries from deciding to suspend their debts.
 in this century and this millennium has seen the great achievements of mankind and the millennium.
 mr deputy president, i would like to say a few words, i would like to say a few words on the subject.
 9 per cent of the number of casualties in armed conflict is the civilian population.
 <unk> 2. people will be known as biotechnology revolution.
 i believe that the chinese government has promised to elaborate the basic law of the basic law.
 violations of these rights may be brought to the competent court.
 the united nations is the appropriate forum for dealing with many of them.
 this money provides for the growing needs of the iraqi people on food and medicines.
 note: a chinese charity fund and the chinese temples fund was set up after a chinese temple in 1992.
 it is well known that there is a practical distinction between the voluntary and compulsory recruitment of recruitment.
 on the first page of the book on the day of the book on the day of the book on the day.
 at the same time, the rate of inflation continues to be high, and it is expected that the inflation rate of inflation will be close to 10%.
 mr ip also mentioned that there was a lot of voters in the legal profession, he believed that many of the voters in the legal profession.
 i also agree with the amendment to reduce some of the complex administrative requirements.
 i do not need to repeat again.
 a number of reports will be submitted to the 1 session of the commission.
 the management system is a complicated project, it has a profound impact on the management of the united nations personnel, budget and financial work of the united nations.
 if they are not enough, it will be able to purchase their own.
 in line with the relevant measures, customs, the department of fire services department, the lands department, the lands department, the department of lands and the planning department.
 mr. wang yingan (china) (spoke in chinese): i would like to congratulate you as president of the council.
 in addition, the military observers and civilian police are unable to ensure secure security.
 the text is to provide a number of political options and rights to the countries concerned.
 responding to the call, police officers, officers of the commercial crime bureau and the three rooms on march 27.
 they must accept their professional training and their registration <unk> authorizations will be considered to be considered.
 in late february, the education department will invite an invitation to participate in the uniform allocation of schools in march 2000.
 however, the costs of implementation of these technology is enormous.
 originally, i also said that he was not hesitate with him.
 the contradiction between the operative paragraph 3 of the paragraph 3 of the paragraph 3 of the paragraph 3.
 it is envisaged that the minimum age for service will enable every community as well as the benefit of each community.
 a view was expressed that a draft guide should be addressed in the draft guide should be addressed in the draft guide.
 i don't repeat the arguments earlier, i hope that only i hope i hope that i hope i hope for those who are old-chung.
 in any other speakers, the president shall declare the debate over the debate.
 " you are often contacted in their work, he often contacted the darkness, " he said.
 i think that the ceiling should be taken in the future.
 the sister 2 sisters are suffering from hunger, sheepers and stormed snow.
 " we should continue to improve the level of service to our expectations, " he said.
 it will be possible to lay a huge step forward in the next three trips. ah.
 the members of the public are now fully in favour of the adoption of a bill of rights.
 in my view, the government is like " himself ".
 however, when the delegation went to new york, it has been air safety and prevented them from the united states.
 " otherwise, the pace of economic recovery will significantly slow down. "
 the united kingdom believes that this court should be consistent with a number of guidelines.
 in order to reduce capital in the short term, i think the government should actively implement the relevant policy.
 the vienna convention on the law of the vienna convention relates to the question of multilateral convention and agreements, including human rights treaties.
 myanmar chose the path of democracy: the government of myanmar is in the process of establishing a truly a market economy.
 it was also reported that the rwandan soldiers were allegedly looted, including five children.
 " we will be submitted as soon as possible, " he said.
 (b) the management of private land is the responsibility of land titles.
 this is more vulnerable to the poor.
 we also think that hong kong's cultural life in hong kong is indeed the ideal city, " he said.
 in some countries, cross-border transit can be used as a customs and excise department, such as smuggling or violation of foreign exchange controls.
 over 95% of the salaries and personal income tax tax can be received in the next two weeks.
 however, we must overcome the sadness of sorrow and seriously consider that japan must be done.
 in the sudan, welfare and the ministry of social development and the ministry of social development.
 he also served as chairman of the administrative committee and the chairman of the committee on coordination and the chairman of the committee.
 this exhibition is the permanent mission of italy and the department of public information, will end on friday, 5 november.
 similarly, the rate of life expectancy at birth (table 3 and chart 5).
 secondly, there is a balance between the administrative and legislative council.
 even if there were no public transport on the shelling of the shelling is not working at all.
 perhaps, after all, it is not different.
 let us take the iraqi policy of iraq's policy in the past.
 in addition, members may be able to observe the investigation of the capo.
 when i look at me, it would be very friends, and he laughed to me.
 despite good financial results, structural adjustment programmes have not been able to reach its objectives.
 right.
 if we hope that the united nations has a vital role, we must make the united nations to make the united nations to have the united nations to have the united nations to have a means of developments.
 in his budget, the financial secretary referred to the " lion rock ".
 the housing authority will carry out repair works works under the ground.
 after the election, i believe that this is the last stage of the legislative council meeting.
 " the number of industrial accidents and accidents in the catering industry has declined.
 croatian police officers are also engaged in walking and vehicle patrols on walk and vehicle patrols.
 " mr cheung pointed out that it would be some misunderstanding of the education department.
 the united nations needs more than ever before.
 the administration will consider all the views of the registration scheme.
 president: mr martin lee, you are soliciting opinions, and it is not appropriate to ask questions.
 as a matter of fact, the government has recently been " blown " and that it will be possible to reduce the remuneration of civil servants.
 he will fly to washington 10 a visit to the last station.
 developing countries increased from 22 per cent in 1990 to 28 per cent in 2000.
 the web site is expected to be completed in 2004.
 at its 12 session of 2001, in september 2001, the tribunal decided to submit this matter to the meeting of the states parties.
 she has asked her new shoes.
 in spite of the need to analyse the data and quantity of data and a number of data.
 however, the report noted that although the local markets have been sold in the local market, the purchasing power of the people's purchasing power.
 the advisory committee agreed to this view and recommended that the current level of 23.7 per cent of the contribution was retained.
 the gains achieved by the international community in the fight against terrorism should not be a reason for the end.
 the administration acknowledged that " national security " is concerned about the interests of the sovereign state.
 but at present, the hong kong economy has continued to sustain a steady growth in many countries, the surplus of the reservoir has led to many countries.
 that should be done.
 the under-secretary-general has indicated that it was not determined by the under-secretary-general.
 over the years, a large number of documents have proved that there has been a large number of documents.
 the treaty is limited to prohibitions in the prohibition of nuclear testing, the quality of nuclear weapons or to produce new weapons.
 they replied that they could not be able to receive him.
 as a whole, the overall part of the whole can be the general and much greater.
 (b) the electrical power <unk> amp<unk>x <unk> amp<unk>x <unk> c <unk> <unk> amp<unk> <unk> amp<unk> <unk> amp<unk> <unk> amp<unk> <unk> amp<unk> <unk> amp<unk> <unk> amp<unk> <unk> amp<unk> <unk> amp<unk> <unk> amp<unk> <unk> amp<unk> c <unk> amp<unk>
 in the light of the distortion of the green paper.
 as a result of the appointment of the chinese appointments of china to be appointed by china in 2000.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- seven on hong kong island, two in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 priority is given to cooperation with cooperation aimed at long-term strengthening national protection and protection of national protection and protection.
 the average working hours of the age group is about 5 hours.
 this phase will lead to a single rate of reimbursement for all other equipment and consumption.
 we must be cautiously used as the most powerful law.
 at present, scientific technology has evolved in rapid economic cooperation, and the world is moving towards multipolarization.
 the topic of chinese and western paintings between the museum and the museum of the museum is also the same.
 in a rational and sense of emotion, he is not commensurate with his sense of emotion, he is not commensurate with him.
 i spoke talking about the response to the crisis in west africa.
 however, it is the most fundamental and the most fundamental and the angolans themselves to achieve peace and national reconciliation.
 china's exporters and investors have increased significantly in the european union.
 there is little indications that there is little indications in fiji.
 in this event, there was a very tired of state money and there was no waste of personal time.
 the brazilian turtle of brazilian turtles, fukuo, skuo-kung, and the bao island is the most strong species of species.
 these women are also subjected to equal pay for equal employment, or at mad labour.
 (a) its economy more than 50 per cent of the economy more than 50 per cent of the economy<unk> (b) can generally be used to developed countries.
 today, saint lucia has a female head of head of state in history.
 at times, non-governmental organizations sought to influence the government.
 this fana has been a product of a new ones of the new ones of a state of a state of a country's own.
 recently, there have been some original groups in the past and oppose direct elections in 1988.
 however, with the restoration of political life and political life, east timor will require continuing resources.
 in the capital of baghdad, a police bureau was attacked by car bombs, at least five people and 19 wounded.
 in a few months, the police have been charged with violations of human rights and other inappropriate behaviour or criminal acts.
 his election has highlighted the merits of his various merits, his personal qualities and his personal qualities and in his international affairs.
 as the tourism industry is " people-oriented industries, the whole industry cannot survive.
 every 10 cmth is a 10m per cent of 173 two-storeys and 133 double-storeys.
 the words " revolve the word ".
 at the same time, the department is also trained to deal with hawker hawkers.
 in non-state guarantees, it continues to be kept in the maintenance and maintenance of its assets.
 i am confident that these arrangements, especially in mutual legal assistance, the future will be in the future.
 however, in urgent steps needed, we have not seen any meaningful progress.
 during the time, there were a explosion of explosions near the scene, but there were no casualties.
 the council also started to hold a new " hypo " conference, which is open to open meetings of all members of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo noted that all measures have been taken to ensure that all measures have been taken to ensure that all measures have been taken to ensure that all measures have been taken to ensure that all measures have been taken to ensure that all measures have taken place.
 as mentioned above, the office does not mention the office.
 i accepted the secretary for constitutional affairs, is that some things are too close to the elections.
 the equitable distribution of wealth is equally important.
 the two vacancies remained to be filled, the meeting was suspended.
 the car parks of the visitors centre will also be suspended.
 at present, the growth of customer portfolio continues to grow steadily, and it has been a significant increase in the performance of the standard <unk> ldc.
 many people have access to large quantities of convenience, but it is no less than money.
 in mid-july, li jung-yu, who went to japan in the 8 world of japan.
 the 3 ldcs conference will be held from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project is part of the development of ma wan island.
 in accordance with this commitment, france will report to the secretariat as soon as possible.
 the chairpersons also stressed the need for the participation of the secretariat, including the preparation of background documents and direct participation in the conference.
 we are fully aware of the importance of the commission on human settlements.
 new york, 12 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 the small seventh is well-being, his satisfaction and love of love.
 mr cheung kin-chung's occupational safety health and health management of hong kong's occupational safety health and health management of hong kong: " hong kong's occupational safety and health management: " hong kong's occupational safety and health management: "
 i would like to ask you one thing to ask you, so i have come to look for you.
 the new advantages of hong kong's new airport is the most advanced radar and other technologies.
 despite the limited financial difficulties in the economy, many of the small sums can be produced.
 as for the draft articles, it was stated that the current draft is already complex and needed to be reduced.
 this is not only because we want to uphold the spirit of the rule of law, we would like to preserve hong kong as an international financial centre.
 the percentage percentage percentage of the total allocation of resources in the biennium 2002-2003 is shown in 8.1.
 as the secretary-general has said, all states need to be achieved as soon as possible.
 of course, the author is not opposed to the promotion of students at the grassroots level.
 at the age of 50 years of age, there was 1 degree of personality.
 in the wake of the village, the israeli occupying forces in the village, the israeli occupying forces have been destroyed and burnt another.
 those who should be invited as soon as possible, as soon as possible.
 child prostitution refers to the use of child prostitution in order to obtain or facilitate the use of children.
 this is not a major achievement.
 at the same time, the value of orders for the metal products industry was further increased by further increase in the value of the metal products industry.
 it is equally important that the debt service accounted for 1<unk>3 of these countries.
 after a multi-hour debate and over the years, we are now like to return back to the first point.
 the economic and social council has 14matic experts, members of the council are composed of experts, rather than the representative of states.
 however, the expert unit is provided to provide more in-depth tactical training.
 the entire project will be completed in the end of 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be seen as a substitute for the south-south cooperation and should be viewed as a complement to its supplementary.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are proceeding.
 the network of family relations are collapsed, the traditional family structure is taking place.
 to ensure that the quality of schools have been established, the authorities have set the chinese language textbooks.
 another thing is that the bank's business is the best to do so as long as the gunmane, people will be sent to money.
 some of them were injured.
 although the ethiopian delegation appreciates the leadership role in the field, the panellisted only a few interesting issues.
 the united nations military contingents will assist those who might wish to interfere with the democratization of democratization.
 however, these policies have been proved to be effective, and other priorities, etc.
 it was reported, however, that the person had been transferred to the custody of the person.
 in order to avoid public funding for political parties, the electoral campaign should be controlled and maintained.
 it is expected that the completion of the working group on the working group on the right to development.
 unexpectedly, he did not expect that sun sun has experienced numerous waves.
 the chairman of the small and medium-and medium-sized enterprises (cpc) morning, the chairman of the commission, this morning, this morning of this morning.
 asianet daily summary-press releases for 20 november 2001.
 as a result of the historical, the new territories in the new territories have only been controlled by collective officials.
 we welcome these areas, " he said.
 if you want to make it clear about " love you ", " he says.
 before may 1998, the indonesian security forces in iraq seem to seem to be a matter where the authorities or local people are not doing so.
 please watch for watching the next phase of new zealand new zealand in new zealand new zealand in new zealand in new zealand.
 the new integration guidelines adopted on 18 june 1998 were included in resolution 1171 (1998).
 15 in the testing of the experimental system, it was recommended that it would affect the participation of participation in the area and in general.
 a few programmes on the seminar on this seminar will help increase the public awareness of this issue.
 if a person is dissatisfied with the age of 65, it is entitled to pay for a minimum wage.
 in general, this information will not be disclosed.
 he is clear that he has always been committed to the legal aspects of the law.
 the special rapporteur invites the competent body to be reviewed by the highest international standards for review.
 " the labour department will find suitable vacancies and help them in the scheme. "
 since china has recently recently joined the world trade organization and the 2008 olympic games.
 recently, one came from academics from the university of hong kong.
 as a whole, there has been a balance of checks and balances.
 he said that if someone was theft, he would also guarantee the safety of thousands of people.
 the kosovo serbs participate in the elections, indicating their attention to the provisional self-government.
 it was the headquarters of the ruf headquarters.
 the retention of the taipei taipei dignity " signboards are now on a new studio.
 the official who demanded the names of the name, " said: "
 1944 was born in new zealand in new zealand in new zealand, and the national university of australia.
 in the traditional market, two chickens have been attacking each other.
 details of the proposal, both english and english, are now available for public inspection.
 this is because the dpp is called the new dpp campaign.
 in the manufacturing industry, there is indeed a number of staff options.
 the claimant provided the export credit guarantee for exporters and the contractor.
 with the assistance of non-governmental organizations, the government has developed a national plan for action in various fields.
 the committee recommends that the need to be paid to the accuracy of the requirements.
 under the health-care organization act, the territory of estonia has the right to receive medical care (art. 5).
 the european union believes that the lusaka agreement is the most feasible basis for resolving conflicts.
 " no one is also quoted in the world bank's bank of the world bank office in bangkok, " the spokesman said.
 zhou enlai, who is chosen to " and zhou enlai.
 madam president, today's secretary-general's secretary-general's secretary-general has come to " diet.
 in the light of the grey atmosphere, i might perhaps say that some relatively more.
 the government of the international court of the international court of the international court of justice referred to above.
 after the performance of the performance, the audience was very warm, with great encouragement to members and staff.
 i can also quote some examples, some people say that some of the chronic diseases are being rejected.
 there is a need for amendment to reflect the latest developments in kowloon kowloon.
 i have all arrived at chongqing.
 the panel is supporting the need to ensure that the national census were in support of the national census.
 she has the highest valued and enjoy all citizens of all citizens.
 all relevant departments will be involved in the scheme, which involves prevention and prosecuting the victims of victims.
 with regard to the obligation of the state party, the committee noted that in some cases, reports would mention the current situation in other countries.
 it is estimated that some 15000 fighters per hour of small arms ammunition may be used.
 secondly, reducing the situation is tense.
 let us take action on economic and other activities affecting the interests of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories.
 he admitted that he was his daughter.
 in addition, the current financial resources available for peacekeeping is no cash.
 my delegation is also very grateful to the under-secretary-general for the under-secretary-general of the under-secretary-general under the under-secretary-general of the under-secretary-general for his briefing this morning.
 the attractive attraction for foreign capital in developing countries may lead to a financial instability.
 a seminar was held on 24 and 25 june 1998 on 24 and 25 june 1998.
 the total number of banks in hong kong remained unchanged at 177.
 this is mainly attributed to a number of countries in the past 5 years have been made in the past 5 years.
 the new phenomenon of aids has led to the suffering of children and orphans and orphans, the increase in the conflict in the conflict.
 in january this year, mr. sergio vieio, mr. sergio vieio, mr. sergio vieio, mr. sergio vieio, mr. sergio vieio.
 our assessment is that there are no conditions for return to sierra leone or liberia.
 the number of young people, about 19 per cent of africa's population in africa.
 at the same time, hong kong has developed countries, such as thailand, china, indonesia, indonesia, korea and india.
 one of the typical consumers of the united states have to spend 1000 hours in the united states.
 i think it is important that the humanitarian situation in iraq is disastrous.
 this is a subject to play the subject.
 in the office of the office, the ministry of disarmament to assist the new form of political will on political will on the political will of member states.
 our financial situation is fortunate to be lucky than the united kingdom, so it is absolutely absolutely no need for us to do so.
 at the end of 2004, the image of la laden's image was last seen in the end of 2004, but his deputy, his deputy, his deputy, his deputy, his deputy, his deputy, his deputy, his deputy, his deputy, his deputy, his deputy, his deputy, his deputy, his deputy, his deputy, his
 the 4 area is established based on the rule of law.
 the bureau has set up a working group working group working group to reduce the government's government to reduce the reduction in the government.
 the honourable martin lee said that the government did not respond to this matter. "
 at the day before the performance of the performance, hu nai-yuan has been confused by national musicians.
 the gross surplus accounted for 17.2% of the total receipts in the services sector, a percentage point lower than in 1995.
 in post-conflict, children have the dominant position in society, the children needs to be taken care.
 the escalation of the bosnian serb forces were carried out at a daily basis.
 a spokesman for the department said that during the two-week period, the overall response rate was 95 per cent.
 the chickens have been tested through testing and blood test. "
 he said that the secretariat would like to provide guidance on whether these practices continue to continue these practices.
 the demilitarized zone is about 240 kilometres and provides 10 kilometres into iraq and 5 kilometres into kuwait.
 more than 70 per cent of all children engaged in family service work is girls.
 thus, a number of measures have been developed to ensure that the needs of women prisoners are met.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (treaty).
 taiwan's 1 term of taiwan, liu ming-chuan also came to taiwan.
 the central meteorological station is estimated that large fog weather in another unit will also affect the south china.
 this section reviews the reasons why the right to food may be heard.
 the 19 century of the 19 century of the 19 century, the buffer of the buffer is a white ball, and through the colonial power.
 a revision of the criminal law and the criminal procedure act has been amended to provide national legal systems.
 appropriate legal sanctions would be able to make appropriate legal sanctions to promote compliance with the establishment of a weaponry.
 the government has launched a series of activities to strengthen the international community's confidence in hong kong.
 however, the armed forces are too large, and the federal budget is not maintained.
 after the dinner, the hong kong ballet team will be held at the ceremony.
 speaking at the opening ceremony of the event, the director of home affairs, mrs lee, said, " hong kong has always been a immigration society.
 on 30 may, a new fighting occurred in the province of the taliban in the north-west.
 the volume of computer systems are also very easily and also triggered the right to privacy and other related issues.
 this document will be included in the voluntary presence of the asean regional forum on the security situation in the asean region.
 every day, the soldiers said that the goods went into the goods, but repeatedly delayed the goods.
 " it is the more late to implement the mpf system, " the spokesman said.
 the committee was informed that the replacement of the car was replaced by the united nations assistance mission in rwanda.
 on the contrary, they often look at the people, such as the enemies, and therefore, the people's work on the people.
 the railway system is an integral part of the system of transport systems.
 under the convention, it was recognized that troop-contributing countries was an important partner for peacekeeping operations.
 i feel very sorry my voters.
 through this election, china has fully ensured hong kong's capital.
 it appears that, despite the author's intention to use this procedure, but they did not use it.
 as a result of the strategy, it is not to follow the way for other people's own way. "
 adjudication, which will be published in july.
 on the morning of the 1940 of the 1940s, johnson will have over half a century.
 however, the bill today's bill today is a big doubt that the bill will be implemented in this period.
 after arrival in the united states of los angeles, shaeh was arrested on the 3 of this month.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, the financial secretary, mr antony leung, the financial secretary, mr antony leung, the financial secretary, mr antony leung, the financial secretary, mr antony leung, the financial secretary, mr antony leung, the financial secretary, mr antony leung,
 the economy is also highly dependent on energy resources, particularly natural gas and processing.
 a number of experts indicated that statistics did not adequately reflect the scale of the problem.
 we would therefore like to choose different types of landbricks in different regions.
 apart from the opening up of economic reforms in 1978, china's implementation of economic reforms in 1978, it was not only a official price.
 bishk has already been established within the shanghai forum.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that its fundamental foundation has changed.
 " we will continue to persuade young people, and cannabis is not abused, " he said.
 some of the outcomes are described as follows: apart from religious studies, mathematics, agriculture and reading.
 this year's total revenue amounted to $ 105500, compared with almost 24%.
 these provisions should go with the chinese side.
 non-inclusion project in other currencies are calculated on the basis of the united nations operational rate of united nations operational rates of united nations operational rates.
 we also believe that the establishment of the international criminal court is fundamental to promote respect for international law and human rights.
 in addition, we have a 2 consecutive year, " he said.
 after the incident, i knew the doctor's friend to accept such behaviour.
 " there is a need to amend the ozp to reflect the latest land use of the north-east lantau.
 this forced bilateral negotiations in that phase.
 to this end, member states must pay their legal obligations on time, and without conditions.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information in respect of the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 for a century, mankind is living in the hot nuclear danger.
 he said that the prime minister was a cabinet of the prime minister.
 in all cases, the longer the period 2003-2004, the longer the longer time, the longer the longer time.
 there are no other group of other groups.
 the seriousness of the conduct is comparable to a serious violation of article 3 of the geneva conventions.
 2. a summary of these financial statements are importantly summary of the financial statements policy as a summary of the financial statements.
 among them, there will be heavy rain in some parts of yunnan and south-east.
 on behalf of the comoss of the comos and the people of israel to the israeli government.
 undp has not yet been conducting the donor community to implement the structure of undp.
 the bureau of the bureau of the year 2000 was the chairman, the delegation of mali and ukraine as vice-presidents.
 ohchr will promote the right to development in relation to poverty, plans, policy and operational activities.
 the vocational training council is currently holding a weeklying week at a weekly average of about 3 000 candidates.
 after the culprits escaped by the culprits and then revealed that the incident was disclosed.
 the administration has announced today's day today.
 for example, the 3 phase of the killings have been completed, but it was very late to the 1998 crop season.
 " it is important that the peace process should continue, and should be possible to work and employment.
 the printing volume has been introduced by 30 per cent.
